
The World's Biggest Genetic Database
The most comprehensive database available for molecular biologists is GenBank, an open access resource that contains
an annotated collection of all publicly available sequenced DNA and its translation into proteins.
GenBank was founded by NCBI in 1982, and over the last three decades, the data it houses has grown exponentially,
doubling every 18 months. As of August 2012, GenBank contained over 143 billion nucleobases.
Every sequence has a unique GenBank identifier that will directly retrieve 
its full sequence record.  Here are some examples of database IDs:
 CAA79696
 NP_778203
 263191547
 BC043443
 NM_002020
You can also search by submitter/author name in the format last_name first_initials (e.g., Smith JR). 
To search for an exact match, enclose it in quotation marks.
"contactin associated protein"
"duchenne muscular dystrophy"
You can also restrict your search by using Boolean operators (AND, OR, NOT) as well as
use specific subsets of records.

Problem
GenBank comprises several subdivisions:

Nucleotide: a collection of nucleic acid sequences from several sources.
Genome Survey Sequence (GSS): uncharacterized short genomic sequences.
Expressed Sequence Tags, (EST): uncharacterized short cDNA sequences.

Searching the Nucleotide database with general text queries will produce the most relevant results.
You can also use a simple query based on protein name, gene name or gene symbol.
To limit your search to only certain kinds of records, you can search using GenBank's Limits 
page or alternatively use the Filter your results field to select categories of records after a search.
If you cannot find what you are searching for, check how the database interpreted your query
by investigating the Search details field on the right side of the page.
This field automatically translates your search into standard keywords.
For example, if you search for Drosophila, the Search details field will contain (Drosophila[All Fields]), and you will
obtain all entries that mention Drosophila (including all its endosymbionts).
You can restrict your search to only organisms belonging to the Drosophila genus
by using a search tag and searching for Drosophila[Organism].
Given: A genus name, followed by two dates in YYYY/M/D format.
Return: The number of Nucleotide GenBank entries for the given genus that were published between the dates specified.
Sample Dataset
Anthoxanthum
2003/7/25
2005/12/27

Sample Output
7