
Generalizing the Alignment Score
The edit alignment score in “Edit Distance Alignment” counted the total number of edit operations
implied by an alignment; we could equivalently think of this scoring function
as assigning a cost of 1 to each such operation. Another common scoring function
awards matched symbols with 1 and penalizes substituted/inserted/deleted symbols
equally by assigning each one a score of 0, so that the maximum score of an alignment
becomes the length of a longest common subsequence of s and t (see “Finding a Shared Spliced Motif”).  In general,
the alignment score is simply a scoring function that assigns costs to edit operations
encoded by the alignment.
One natural way of adding complexity to alignment scoring functions is by changing
the alignment score based on which symbols are substituted; many methods have been proposed for doing this.
Another way to do so is to vary the penalty assigned to the insertion or deletion of symbols.
In general, alignment scores can be either maximized or minimized depending on how scores are
established.  The general problem of optimizing a particular alignment score is called
global alignment.

Problem
To penalize symbol substitutions differently depending on which two symbols are
involved in the substitution, we obtain a scoring matrix S in which S_{i, j}
represents the (negative) score assigned to a substitution of the ith symbol of our
alphabet \mathscr{A} with the jth symbol of \mathscr{A}.
A gap penalty is the component deducted from alignment score due to the presence of a gap.
A gap penalty may be a function of the length of the gap; for example, a
linear gap penalty is a constant g such that each inserted or deleted symbol is charged g;
as a result, the cost of a gap of length L is equal to gL.
Given: Two protein strings s and t in FASTA format (each of length at most 1000 aa).
Return: The maximum alignment score between s and t. Use:

The BLOSUM62 scoring matrix.
Linear gap penalty equal to 5 (i.e., a cost of -5 is assessed for each gap symbol).

Sample Dataset
>Rosalind_67
PLEASANTLY
>Rosalind_17
MEANLY

Sample Output
8